Add a small section on git submoduling the SDK (#163)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/mcu/sdk-submodule-management.mdx

---
id: sdk-submodule
title: Managing the Memfault SDK as a Git Submodule
sidebar_label: Memfault SDK as a Git Submodule
---

## Installing the SDK as a Git Submodule

Using a Git Submodule to manage the Memfault SDK can be useful, especially if
your build system doesn't natively support using Git Repositories as sources.

To add the Memfault SDK as a Git Submodule:

```bash
# the last argument sets the path to the submodule, here "third_party/memfault-firmware-sdk"
git submodule add https://github.com/memfault/memfault-firmware-sdk.git third_party/memfault-firmware-sdk
```

> The submodule add is now staged in the git index, and can be committed as usual.

Reviewer: Nit: you called it Git everywhere else in the doc.

```suggestion
The submodule add is now staged in the Git index, and can be committed as usual.
```

## Specifying the version of the Memfault SDK

By default, the submodule add command will checkout the latest commit on the
default branch. To select a specific commit or tag for the submodule, follow
these commands:

```bash
# change directory to the submodule
cd path/to/memfault/submodule

# checkout a particular tag

> git checkout 0.28.0

Reviewer 2: Perhaps a callout that latest version can be found [here](https://github.com/memfault/memfault-firmware-sdk/releases) so folks don't pin to old tag

Author: good call! added

# cd back to the parent repo root
cd -

# add the updated submodule to the index (and commit if appropriate)
git add path/to/memfault/submodule
```

## Considerations when cloning the parent repo

To initialize the repo after adding a submodule, the following commands should
be used:

```bash
# Option 1: clone and update in one command by using the '--recursive' flag
git clone --recursive <repo remote URL>

# Option 2: clone, then update after
git clone <repo remote URL>
cd path-to-newly-cloned-repo
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

> ## Reference
> 
> https://github.blog/2016-02-01-working-with-submodules/

Reviewer: Nit: We don't have a Reference section in any other doc AFAIK. Can we change this into a paragraph? E.g.

```suggestion
To learn more about working with submodules, check out [GitHub's blog post](https://github.blog/2016-02-01-working-with-submodules/) about them.
```
